all right guys it's time for another
section of the news so let's just get
right to it today the possible synopsis
for x-men apocalypse next summer's big
x-men film from Fox Studios has been
revealed and it reads Xmen apocalypse
will follow the mutants battling their
most powerful foe yet the devastatingly
dangerous villain apocalypse this
villain uses his incredible abilities to
alter his physical form access other
mutant super powers and telekinesis to
recruit a cult-like group called the
four horsemen to be his servants and do
his bidding in an all-out war against
the x-men the cast includes magneto
mystique gambit Professor X Wolverine
wardrobe mctaggart Beast psylocke Jean
Grey Nightcrawler Cyclops and havoc now
to me this film seems really jam-packed
with x-men characters but it could be
potentially the best X film yet I've
been a fan of the newer direction that
this French is gone and i really love
for his class i think it's probably the
best x-men film apart from like x-men to
possibly and I think that Oscar Isaac is
a great actor he was fantastic and ex
machina and I think he'll be able to
pull off a really sinister type of
villain you know this cold calculating
remorseless type of apocalypse villain
but also really smart and I'm excited to
see what the four horsemen are going to
be like in the movie too i'm assuming
it's going to be archangel wolverine and
a couple other characters but yeah
moving on with more Marva related news
we got a new casting call for Captain
America Civil War and in it are the
directions for a funeral scene now the
shoot is set to take place tomorrow and
there will be some stormy weather to add
four more mood to that sequence which a
lot of people are already speculating
that will be the funeral for Steve
Rogers now as many of you know in the
Civil War comic book storyline and the
captain america from 2006 i believe that
comic book Steve Rogers was killed off
in issue 25 which the epilogue to Civil
War and a lot of people think that
they'll do this in the movie but I'm not
entirely sure it could definitely well
happen but Chris Evans has stated that
he sent on for infinity wars I don't
know if they're gonna kill him off then
somehow bring him back for a movie or if
he'll just not
off in this movie and maybe he'll die in
infinity war at the hand of Thanos we
don't know yet but possibly it could
also be the funeral could be a flashback
to the funeral for Starks parents or
possibly a funeral for the incident that
occurs that causes the civil war in the
movie I guess we'll just have to wait
and see so rounding out the news for
today are a couple of brand-new images
of the battling in Batman V Superman
courtesy of L my name is new website
heroic Hollywood these images show the
vehicle and great quality and give us an
indication as to the more comic book
design of this vehicle has which was
really lacking in the Nolan bat version
of it overall I just really love this
design and I'm glad that this version of
Batman will actually use more gadgets
and vehicles more so than any other
live-action incarnation that we've seen
so far we got to see it briefly in
action during the first teaser for
Batman V Superman and it seems to have
cannons and possibly a vertical takeoff
landing mechanism anyways that's all the
news we have for today sound off down
below with your thoughts and i'll see
you guys next time ok i hope you guys
enjoyed what you just saw know what
exactly you just saw but i hope you guys
enjoy and if you really good like it go
check out our other stuff you know me a
social media Facebook Twitter the links
should be somewhere here also we have
other channels to our movie video game
channel we have our music channel
obviously our comic book channel too
because you know we do all that
entertainment awesomeness you guys on
the website go to a website higher net
worth YT calm and should go to our other
videos uh that's all I really have to
say it's josh and you know I hope you
guys enjoyed you know what you watched